### ADDITIONAL NOTES | MAY6_2022


No. [00215748](https://github.com/galvestontx/MAY6_2022/blob/7b67b5101d34c49fd611ab3b218d2ed517d43f6f/Invoice_Roady.pdf)

[Invoice for 132 hours 5/06/22](https://github.com/galvestontx/MAY6_2022/blob/7b67b5101d34c49fd611ab3b218d2ed517d43f6f/Invoice_Roady.pdf) - Tribunal Case number MD398530 and MD0398259 The People vs Jack Roady and the Texas Government | Additional notes : Jack Roady will be billed $274.30 for any scheduled appearance. The invoice excludes 6.72 g (fine Gold) penalty for violating known price caps (mv to facevalue). The invoice also excludes travel fees (#20-1) Texas and Jack Roady must pay prior to the appearance - 30 day grace period from the scheduled appearance date— $41•17 for ~ 70.282444950 miles (113.10835 km) @ ~ $0.58577928 per mile. 

[Updated Exchange Rate Notes - Includes KOI Shekels to Roubles](https://github.com/galvestontx/MAY6_2022/blob/41f3fe96fb37ccef9b34b4702b78c06ffcb60893/NID_INVOICE.pdf) - The KOI to Rouble exchange is used exclusively for special Bonds (#175-35002 | 1.767022). A small amount of gold was used to secure a promissory note in the amount of 197.31 Roubles for the purpose of effectuating the KOI to Rouble exchange. Its cost 60.8977584 NID to secure the note (100 NID per grain of gold used).

Important Notice concerning [Exchange Rate](https://github.com/galvestontx/MAY6_2022/blob/59df42713b4092d1d424880f1857901fc6246bbf/NID_INVOICE.pdf). New Imperial Dollars does not exchange into fiat currencies. The exchange rate for One NID is 47.10 Roubles (Imperial). This is because the currency guarantees fixed exchange in gold. According to the Law of Madinah 622c. it is prohibited to weaponize food or currency, therefore sanctions which violate these principles - issued by one government against another will not be honored or enforced by the Madinah Mission. The same is true in reverse. The purpose of the Mission is to promote peace, to do what is beneficial to mankind, and to prohibit what is harmful. The Madinah Mission operates according to well defined set of standards known to all governments of the world. These standards are not waived, regardless of the policies set by any government.

[Other Sanctions Apply](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1elYYYK_TPCs9LBkbVHUpSBqgC3AIqI6T/view?usp=drivesdk)- Following the arrest on 5/6/22, these sanctions are permanent/ irrevocable and apply against any entity globally supporting the rogue state regimes in the United States. This government must be abolished, criminals pulled out of office to stand before a tribunal. The government of United States of America, its state and local governments, as well as all entities globally (other than myself, Hatem Alghuti - all variations of my name) are denied my name, image, and likeness. Entities that violate, or have violated the order and notes herein are declared abolished, and further risk being classified as an incorporated entity. This order and notes may not be overwritten by any branch of government, judge or court- not even in the public interest. Doing so will result in fraud charges. Any person who has a role in my arrest, including officers making the arrest, judges, attorney, staff, must serve a minimum 1000 fold prison sentence or 163,000 hrs and a maximum of 20 years (arresting officers may be pardoned with a 150,000 dollar fine). 

***Early Settlement Option - Galveston County***


The Galveston County regime must be dismantled, this is not an item that will be negotiated. It is understood Galveston County will be allowed to keep some land under its governance in Precinct 2, as a token of goodwill and mercy from Alghuti- and for the public interest. To express its gratitude for the generous terms, the county will present fifteen kilograms of fine gold (~3,535.00 Gold Dinars) as a gift to Alghuti (dba: the County of Leagued Cities Trust Co) on or before May 6, 2022, and a letter of apology for the misunderstanding. Other terms and [sanctions apply](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1elYYYK_TPCs9LBkbVHUpSBqgC3AIqI6T/view?usp=drivesdk), it is the county's duty to understand what those terms are. No taxes will be paid to the inactive/ complicit federal and state governments. Im not interested in sharing my money with anyone. 

##

Kerri Foley (Galveston County) must pay 443 Kilograms of fine Silver (to the trust established for the County of Leagued Cities) for violating sanctions conveyed to the court. Payment is due on 5/6/22 with a 30 day grace period. The amount due will not be forgiven...nothing more heinous than a corrupt judge. Due to the extreme level of corruption, the court had been denied jurisdiction - see [Response 21-FD-0102](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12caIV_4D2Ax0wowT9MGzdq-IJwmqW2ZQ/view), and Kerri knowingly signed a fraudulent decree which had been prepared by Matthew Skillern on behalf of Rawan Alnajjar.

* The criminal case, which had already been decided in a decree signed by Kerri Foley on 11/19/21, accused Alghuti of "committed violence" and ***"cruelty"*** while denying him a single hearing. Foley refused to consider Alghuti's [Jurisdiction Challenge](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12caIV_4D2Ax0wowT9MGzdq-IJwmqW2ZQ/view), after ignoring over a dozen request's (including two in-person request's) to equalize representation due to the gross disparity in income between Rawan Alnajjar (a physician) and Hatem Alghuti (unemployed with a high school diploma). 

* Rawan Alnajjar appeared for the trial on 11/15/21 with two attorney's present, standing on her behalf (Matthew Skillern and Ali Shah), supported by a full staff of attorney's and other legal "professionals". In the request, Alghuti clearly conveyed proof of his financial circumstances and suffering which resulted from the false accusations made by Rawan. The court refused to uphold the marital agreement signed by Rawan, which would allow for mediation (see Motion to waive Mediation), because Rawan made an accusation (without proof) that Hatem "committing family violence", while Hatem proved that the accusation is false testimony (Judge Kerri Foley intentionally skipped over my response, and when I bought it to her attention, she attempted to dismiss it by stating it was the same motion filed by Rawan's Attorney). Hatem Alghuti was denied all requests, not only for assistance, but also his right to due process, or even basic dignity see his daughter (they refused a request to send Alghuti a photo of his daughter). 

* To add insult to injury, Foley's illegitimate decree, demands Alghuti pay $20,000.00 to Rawan's attorney's. It is worth mentioning the common denominator between Kerri Foley and Jack Roady is that both individuals accepted campaign contributions from the ["Republican Women PAC"](https://www.transparencyusa.org/tx/payee/kerri-foley-campaign?cycle=2018-election-cycle). ***Note:*** Due to the extreme level of oppression from persons adhering to radical ideologies, the case will be used in an edict which will declare any organization propogating ideologies associated with feminism- terrorist organizations. The edict will be enfored in over fifty-seven nation-states worldwide iA. Recently, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan issued a decree withdrawing Turkey from the Istanbul Convention, i call on the rest of the world to follow their example.

* The county allowed a private for-profit entity to access photos of mug shots (without permission), which was then used to plaster social media websites such as facebook with images of the mug shots. This has made getting a job difficult. When my name is entered on major search engines, images of the mug shot is the first item that appears. The oppressive actions of the county is feminism without a mask, the true face of a movement made mainstream by Edward Bernays for the sole purpose of selling cigarettes to woman - [BBC Documentary | Feminist Movement - FF to 10:30](https://youtu.be/DnPmg0R1M04). They have destroyed their own cause, and the world already knows it.

Try not to get distracted by trivial matters- a tactic which has been over played by the Biden/Harris regime. Likewise, details conveyed in the first three files are a distraction from the true motives behind the county's malicious attack against my household. ***File 9 of 9*** will disclose pressing matters of this case which should not be overlooked. 

Sometimes malicious actors hide behind certain causes to further their self interests. In this case a coward hiding behind women and sabotaging any legitimate concern they may have, as it is now evident they unwittingly are pushing agenda's other than those that further "women rights". If you are not able to understand the complexity of what will be conveyed, I would like to thank you for taking the time to read and understand, and would like to leave you with a thought provoking question...who is guilty of cruelty? Feel free to let Judge Kerri Foley know the answer to this question by sending her a letter. 

***Note*** It maybe ***illegal*** to accuse a person of misogyny, as such accusation requires that you first define "woman" or "women"… and by engaging in such discriminatory practices you may be committing a hate crime in the process (please check with the Harris Administration's newly established "Ministry of Truth") before thinking any further. You cannot allege a person has an ingrained prejudice against an undefined class or group ... it is simply not possible. Perhaps the truth may be directed towards cisgender females, gender fluid, gender queer, non-binary, Transgender male (is that a male of female?), Transgender female (is that a female or male?), two spirit (whatever that is), and the list will continue to grow... just pick and choose.

Hatem Alghuti 2022 All Rights Reserved
